# Airbnb-Booking-Analysis
Airbnb has been an American Company since 2007; it is an online marketplace that connects people who want to rent out their homes with people who are looking for accommodations in specific locales.  We have our dataset from Airbnb based in NY. NY is amongst the most expensive places to live in the USA. We want to perform an in-depth analysis of one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Our dataset is feature-rich, containing locations with coordinates, prices, hostname, room types, and availability throughout the season. From these features, we’ve tried to extract information like the most expensive places to live in NYC, its location varies with occupancy rate, and the type of room people choose most. Is there any particular season for tourists or locale when we can follow a surge in prices or occupancy rate of properties, etc.? We have performed data wrangling, handled n/a values, and created new features from the last reviewed date. Also, we’ve plotted location-wise data and distribution of our numerical features and performed the analysis with multiple dependencies. Though we haven’t handled outliers in our study, we also focused on neighborhood groups or large areas of NY rather than small neighborhoods. We couldn’t perform sentiment or property quality analysis due to the lack of data. Still, we can conclude that Manhattan and Brooklyn are the most expensive areas of NY. People live a lavish life and tend not to prefer shared rooms even if shared spaces are cheaper. We can understand in the middle of the year. There is a surge in the occupancy rate. Also, location is highly related to deciding a property price, but that doesn’t mean property in a popular site will stay occupied for most of the season.
